

[server_web]
webserver01 ansible_connection=docker ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/bin/python3
webserver11 ansible_connection=docker ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/bin/python

[server_app]
appserver01 ansible_connection=docker ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/bin/python3
appserver02 ansible_connection=docker ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/bin/python3
#appserver03 ansible_connection=docker ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/bin/python3
#appserver04 ansible_connection=docker ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/bin/python3
appserver11 ansible_connection=docker ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/bin/python
appserver12 ansible_connection=docker ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/bin/python
appserver13 ansible_connection=docker ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/bin/python
appserver14 ansible_connection=docker ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/bin/python

[server_db]
dbserver01  ansible_connection=docker ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/bin/python3
dbserver02  ansible_connection=docker ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/bin/python3
dbserver11  ansible_connection=docker ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/bin/python
dbserver12  ansible_connection=docker ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/bin/python

[ubuntu]
webserver01 ansible_connection=docker ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/bin/python3
appserver01 ansible_connection=docker ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/bin/python3
appserver02 ansible_connection=docker ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/bin/python3
#appserver03 ansible_connection=docker ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/bin/python3
#appserver04 ansible_connection=docker ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/bin/python3
dbserver01  ansible_connection=docker ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/bin/python3
dbserver02  ansible_connection=docker ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/bin/python3

[centos]
webserver11 ansible_connection=docker ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/bin/python
appserver11 ansible_connection=docker ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/bin/python
appserver12 ansible_connection=docker ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/bin/python
appserver13 ansible_connection=docker ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/bin/python
appserver14 ansible_connection=docker ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/bin/python
dbserver11  ansible_connection=docker ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/bin/python
dbserver12  ansible_connection=docker ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/bin/python

[local]
localhost ansible_connection=local 


